So we learned how to send posts and get requests,
one thing we do right now though is we repeat ourselves here,
we do have the URL copied and pasted into each of our functions, into the post, in the get function, if we
were to add more requests or more places where we do these requests,
we would repeat this URL all the time.
Now the URL doesn't change that much though, so it would be great to have kind of a global place to set
this up for each http request
in this application, this might of course be different in your application.
So we actually do have such a central place where we can set up our application
URL or the URL we want to use.
So I'm going to copy the URL and the place I am talking about is in the main.js file where
we set up our vue resource or we add the vue resource to our vue instance here after adding it with vue use,
I can call vue http
and now important, without dollar sign, dollar sign is only needed when accessing it from inside
your vue instance, if you access it on the global vue object, then this is without a dollar sign
and here we can set up some global options. Again to learn more about these global options, dive into
the official vue resource documentation
and there, you will find the API docs where you can learn more about which options you can set where
and how to configure that all.
Now what I can show you here is you got access to the root key on your global options and the root key
basically just is your main URL you're going to use,
so by setting up this, all requests will be sent to this URL and then in your methods, you can simply
append things to that URL,
for example nothing because the URL already includes everything I need
but if you had some other service and then you have some sub-routes like send data or something like
that, then you could append it like this or again if URL covers everything you need, just send
an empty string.
Now with this set up, you will see if I now reload this and hit get data again, it still works
but now we have a central place where this URL is stored and you can set up other things too on this global vue
object,
for example you could also set up some default headers here if you needed that, if you wanted to set
the content type for each request or something like that,
that can all be done on this global vue http object here or on the options object I should say and that
is a convenient way of centralizing certain things which are always equal.